[music]
Today I'm here in Gongju, South Korea
where the Apex CEO [music] summit is
underway. You just saw President Lee
there speaking and wrapping up his
keynote speech. [music] Really kicking
off APE here. President Trump also
expected to have a speech and gathering
here later on this morning ahead [music]
of course of that highly anticipated
meeting on Thursday with Xi Jinping.
You're watching the China show. I'm
[music] Ivon Man
and I'm David here in Hong Kong where
markets [music] are shut. We are
counting down still though to the open
of trade in Shanghai and also in
Shenzhen. Our top stories today, Trump
and South Korean President Liyong are
[music] set to meet as both sides hammer
out details of their trade deal,
including a $350 billion investment
pledge. [music] Now, across markets,
stocks across the Asia-Pacific rising
after a techdriven [music]
rally on Wall Street. Nvidia's Jensen
Huang downplaying AI bubble fears as he
announces a flurry of new partnerships.
AI has now become good enough because of
reasoning capability, [music] research
capabilities, its ability to think, it's
now generating tokens, and [music] now
generating intelligence that's worth
paying for.
And that AI boom is propelling a [music]
62% jump in profits at SKHEX and sales
of its entire [music] memory chip lineup
for next year. Plus, China pledging to
significantly boost the share [music] of
consumption in its economy over the next
5 years.
[music]
>> Well, good morning. We are taking the
China show here at the Apex CEO Summit
in Gongju, South Korea. Here we're 230
mi away from Seoul here. So quite a bit
of a track for us to even get uh to this
city, but certainly it's one that marks
one of cultural heritage and why it was
chosen really uh to for the apex summit.
But certainly we've been talking about
the logistical sort of I guess you could
say here the issues here. They're just
even getting here. But yes, it all kind
of leads up to what we're seeing here.
Of course, an anticipated meeting
between President Trump and she. But
before that, we are going to be seeing a
meeting between the South Korean
President Lej Mill with President Trump.
First, the president Lee just kicking
off with his opening remarks here at the
Apex Summit and really talking about
supply chains here. Cooperation is
critical. He says when it came to supply
chains, I'm here [music] of course with
my colleague, Asia Trade co-host Sheran.
She's here. Um, yeah, we talked about
the cold,
>> but even just Hey, you forgot the cold
because it's freezing every time in
South Korea.
>> But yes, but even just talking about how
we even got here, right? We're talking
about 20,000 visitors that are here at
APE. I think 700 of them are are global
leaders and this is just not a city fit
for an event like this.
>> You drove what 6 hours yesterday and 4
and 1/2 hours from Soul. I took a 2-hour
train yesterday, but 20,000 visitors
expected this year in Kongju. Yes, it's
historical. We're talking about UNESCO
sites everywhere and it was assigned by
the former president Yunyo's government
before it was ousted. So, President
Ejyong had to come in and try to deal
with the logistics of
>> change the venue.
>> No, couldn't change the venue at the
last minute. But we did see them trying
to really uh
overcome the lack for example of hotel
rooms. They brought in cruise ships that
we haven't seen since Papa Newu Guini in
2018 for example.
>> Make it more luxury, right? A unique
experience. Thank you. It's an
experience uh coming to Kyongju staying
on the cruise ship. Uh we are expecting
that President Eidon bilateral with
President Trump and the logistics, the
visuals will be key. We're expecting the
South Koreans to present and gift a
crown made of gold and that's a replica
from the Shinla dynasty.
>> Yeah. And that's after the gold baseball
I think uh the prime minister [laughter]
attack game in Japan. So certainly we're
seeing some more of these gifts and and
ways to charm the president because they
really do the South Koreans need to
finalize this trade deal.
>> It's interesting that you mentioned
Japan because that's the comparison,
right? I mean that $550 billion
investment deal that Japan has, they
finalized a trade deal. Their tariffs on
cars are already down to 15%. South
Korea is still suffering from 25%
tariffs despite the fact that they said
that they had an agreement back in July.
I spoke to President E last week and he
talked about these key sticking points
that remained for the $350 billion
investment fund. And of course, it's a
tricky situation because South Korea
also faced that humiliating immigration
raid in the South Korean plants in
Georgia, right? So the criticism within
the country was big to really scrutinize
this [music] deal.
>> It already soured relations, you know,
leading up to this, right? So, can we
see a bit of a repair in that
relationship and really can give a bit
more of a competitive edge to the Korean
automakers out there because of what was
discussed uh with Japan which brought
those levies down to 15%. If we don't
get a deal with Korea, those levies stay
at 25%. That meeting between Lee and
Trump is the appetizer, right? We talk
about it. The main course though is
going to happen on Thursday between
President Trump and Xi. And I think you
know what we're hearing so far is is
that we need some details. We need some
commitments in numbers on what really
was discussed in Koala Lumpur and can we
actually see some sort of signed
agreement between the both sides.
>> Perhaps lowanging fruits are the result
of this APE or at least the targets for
this APE because President E and
President Trump are expected to sign a
deal more cooperation on AI, quantum
computing, 6G
>> with China and President Xiinping.
Perhaps a purchase agreement when it
comes to soybeans. We know that China
has not uh bought any US soy in this
harvest season. They bought about 20% of
the US total crops last year. Will we
see some numbers that could potentially
be something similar to phase one of the
trade deal that they signed back in 2020
of $200 billion purchases by China uh
for US goods over two years. But then
even that is tricky because right now
President Trump has opened an
investigation on whether or not Beijing
has complied with that deal. Will we see
something on fentinel? Will we see
something on more difficult issues like
export controls? Rare earths of course
is key.
>> That's the big sticking point, right?
Because the US suggests that you know
the Chinese are willing to defer those
export controls on critical minerals for
a year. The readouts that we saw so far
from Beijing don't mention that in
particular here. They just mentioned
export curves in general. There was some
sort of consensus. So, anything to
confirm what we've heard from Scott
Besson, of course, the Treasury
Secretary is going to be quite key. Uh,
and of course, when it comes to export
curves in the US as well because we were
coming into APE thinking that what did
China get out of Malaysia here, right?
Is there any sort of need in terms of
export curves around software and the
like that are going to be pushed back
and retracted as well? That's going to
be very key uh here in the next few
days. So certainly as we track what
President Trump is doing, he's expected
to land here uh in Gongju in about an
hour or so here. We just saw those live
pictures of him taking off out of Japan.
Certainly that's going to be the key
focus, Dave. And really whether we see a
signed agreement, maybe some sort of
readout and maybe some numbers behind
what we saw from Malaysia.
>> Yeah. And well, we we'll see of course
and you know, let me just borrow the
analogy you guys used. uh you know I
know it's cold there and certainly the
the the narrative that markets are
running with is the temperature has been
really taken down more than a notch as
pertain to these two right so let's hope
that uh these sort of goldilocks
conditions can continue when you look at
these markets whether that's the event
risk this wall of event risk that we're
facing don't seem to be a big issue when
you look at price right now uh Asia
Pacific benchmark we're just doing a
quick quick quick glance at these
markets and really just I mean are we
being lulled into a false sense of
caution security. That that's a question
mark, not not not a statement because
certainly when you look at these
markets, we're doing very well. We're
get we're continuing this tech urban
momentum overnight. In fact, just on
that very note when you look at South
Korea and we'll we'll we'll talk about
this in a moment. SKHEX is flying at 3
and a half% to the upside. We're coming
off highs of the day though on the Cosby
which was higher by over 1% uh in the
opening minutes. Uh gold that's the
other side to the momentum trade. So we
are down three. We could be down a
fourth. We'll see what happens of course
when you look at something like spot for
example. Uh we were down by a fourth a
few minutes ago. Uh very quickly the
approach to the open today. Again it's
worth pointing out that Hong Kong is
shut today. So you don't have a lot of
volume. You don't have the stock connect
today. We have a few contracts. A50 is
pointing to still some gains at the open
today. We take we've taken out the 710
handle on dollar China on both by the
way offshore and onshore. So the fixing
will be very much in focus as well. We
just showed you there we'll talk more
about this later. Longer dated bonds in
China are now hitting multi-week lows.
Now on that note you have shares of
SKHEX up over 3% reporting better than
expected 3Q profits. that Yukyouong Lee
is with us right now, our Asia stocks
reporter to help us understand uh this
this this AI boom that continues and
really Yukyong the these numbers and the
guidance and in particular you know the
guidance they gave on 2026 that you know
sales for next year have been pretty
much booked out really underscores this
AI boom.
Absolutely, David. And I think um just a
few minutes ago, we also had some
guidance about 2027. The SKH High
official said during during his
conference call that uh the demand uh is
going to outpay surpass supply for a
while and supply is not going to catch
up demand in the short term. So they
even expect pretty robust demand for
2027. And that headline just landed a
few minutes ago, giving further a lift
to the SKH shares, which are up already.
uh three times this year alone and still
uh JP Morgan uh in the report yesterday
said is one of his most favorite stocks
in South Korea is SK Hines and Samsung
electronics saying that the level of
Cosby is still cheaper after its
warbeing gains of up about 70%.
Yukim, fantastic. Thank you so much,
Yukim Lee, our Asia stocks reporter on
one of the big tech stories today, which
underscores this massive tech rally
we're still seeing here in the region.
On the back, and on top of that, of
course, the other big one overnight,
Nvidia, the CEO, Jensen Huang, who by
the way is of course, I believe, also
headed if not already in in Korea for
the Apex CEO summit downplaying these
fears of a bubble in the AI sector.
Let's bring in our executive editor for
Asian Markets, Paul Dobson, in Singapore
for us this morning. Paul, good morning.
How is the team looking at this
techdriven rally? Again, juxtapose
against this wall of event risk, whether
that's geopolitics, monetary policy, or
a ton of earnings coming through. Paul,
>> yeah, morning David. Well, it's the ton
of earnings I think that the market is
most excited or or or paying most
attention to. Um, especially when we're
getting these uh continuing uh upbeat
statements from companies. SK Hinx is a
really good example as Yukyouong was
explaining sold out already for the year
ahead. It's basically the same as what
Jensen Huang was saying about Nvidia as
well kind of an unprecedented boom in
demand for their chips through 2026. So
the idea is that you know people are
worried and questioning the rally and
talking about is this a bubble but the
fact of the matter is that the companies
that are making the chips are are
coining in money at the moment earning
that revenue and that's why their
valuations continue to push up. And I
think that, you know, if you're if
you're looking forwards to the earnings,
um, then the fact that they're
projecting so much confidence in the
runup to it gives you a pretty good clue
that it's not going to be a terrible set
of results, right? The only thing is,
uh, where are we with expectations? And
I come on talk to you every 3 months
just ahead of the earnings. We always
say lofty expectations. Can they
possibly beat? Um, we know lofty
expectations with justification, but
it's the same old thing. and the market
is valuing it so highly already um that
in order for the market to be impressed
with what they say it's still got to be
something uh special or spectacular.
I mean fantastic context there Paul
certainly I mean when you look at I mean
almost a recorded yeah lofty
expectations but I mean here here we are
and the stock is is is is pretty much at
high u so it's an extremely busy docket
Paul the next let's call it 2 three days
what else are we missing what else is
important here
>> yeah so uh the Fed of course coming up
today um it's uh pretty clear that
they're going to cut interest rates the
market is very convinced about that what
will be interesting is whether they uh
are definitive in ending QT as well.
That seems to have just come really uh
to the four in the past couple of weeks
and now the market is absolutely
convinced it's going to happen. So if
they do disappoint uh on that front then
there may be some interesting reaction
at the back end of the yield curve
people talking about what it means for
the swap spread as well the difference
between interest rate swaps and the the
US treasuries market. So, um, there'll
be some attention on that and any
guidance that we get from the Fed about
how far it's looking to cut in the year
ahead as well. Now, probably Pal will
want to avoid talking about that too
much. Um, but this is what the market's
keyed in on. We're fully priced for a
cut in uh well this meeting and again in
December and probably January as well.
You know, will the market gain
confidence that the Fed is determined to
be in in a longerterm cutting cycle?
That's what we'll be watching for.
Paul, thank you so much. Paul Dobson in
Singapore for us. Coming down to the
open of trade uh in Shanghai and in
Shenzhen. That's another way of saying a
public service reminder that Hong Kong
is shut today. This [music] is the China
show
[music]
right. Uh this is
arguably the the the unsung hero of risk
appetite, the anchor of risk appetite,
the stronger fixings coming through this
last 3 days. It's noticeably stronger
this week. Another 708 handle as far as
the currency is concerned. Uh yeah, and
I guess on that note, we'll see what
this looks like. 710 of course we broke
that in offshore and also on the onshore
exchange rate. Yes, we'll see what the
onshore opens up up today. Ivon.
>> Yeah, we're just getting some lines
here. President Trump is expected to
arrive in South Korea's Gimh airport at
10:30 a.m. times. I'm guessing that's
local time according to some local
media. So certainly uh we are of course
anticipating his arrival here. These
opening ceremonies have just kicked off
here. So what we're looking ahead to
next is of course President Trump
meeting with the South Korean president
Lie Jay Moon and then yes that next day
it's going to be with President Trump.
So, uh, we're also expected of Trump to
address the Apex CEO summit in Gongju
here. Let's get more on what's at stake
with our next guest. John Denton is
Secretary General of the International
Chamber of Commerce and he joins us
here. John, it's great to have you here.
>> Great to be with you.
>> So, obviously there's a lot of
anticipation. We come off of Malaysia,
Japan with very positive vibes and it
seems like both sides, US and China,
have really brought down the temperature
in the last few days. What are you
expecting to come out of Gilju? Well, in
um what am I expecting in a way? What
are we expecting? Like the International
Chamber of Commerce, we're in 170
countries, okay? 70%'s in the global
south. So when we speak, I'm kind of
channeling I suppose the most inclusive
business voice. What we want is to get
some certainty because the interesting
thing for us is having spent a lot of
time in Africa, Asia, Latin America,
Middle East and elsewhere just talking
to business there and then surveying
them. the number one concern they
actually have is actually not tariffs.
So they hate them, it's actually
uncertainty. So getting a level of
certainty around what the framework will
look like moving forward is critical.
And I think, you know, funnily enough,
even though it's quite complicated being
in Guyongja, when you think about the
history of this place as kind of a a
calm kind of center where agreements
were capable of being met historically
in Korea, we actually paved the way for
the development of Korea as a state.
>> Maybe that's a good omen. Who knows?
omen and also APE which is
>> APEC has that kind of collaborative
[music] friendly feel about it because
it's voluntary rather than compulsory
>> and so there is a kind of good
environment here if they want to find a
way to create some order I mean our job
in the end of the ICC because of the
size and the heft we have is that when
governments can't act we actually work
to create order where there is disorder
and try and create certainty so we're
pushing for the [music] certainty issue
really for business
>> certainty around what in particular if
it's not tariffs what is the big thing
that could be something that you can
kind of like make the best decision
>> and the big issue for us is what is the
system emerging going to look like is it
actually going to be relevant to
business or is it going to be some
abstract kind of political play or
geopolitical play I mean one of the
things that really puzzles us is when
you even look at the development of some
of the most significant trading
arrangements like the regional
comprehensive economic partnership is
that you know even governments think
they've done this amazing thing because
they haven't really engaged business
there's very little little use of these
kind of assets that are built by
government. So what we want to do is
actually be part of the creation of what
will be the new paradigm around the
global system trading system cuz
ultimately for us what we want is
economic activity because that's what
drives opportunity and growth and jobs
frankly for families. Um obviously many
companies out there are talking about
restructuring supply chains you know for
resilience. How do you balance this push
for friend shoring sort of block you
know trade blocks for example without
kind of this risk of fragmentation in
the global economy?
>> Well having a having a common framework
actually does uh eradicate a lot of the
risk around frag fragmentation. But
there is no doubt that what we're seeing
at the moment is actually an erosion of
the system which is actually leading to
I think quite a challenge. So what we
are feeling already is the development
of a level of inefficiency.
Frankly I think whatever emergence is
going to emerges will be less efficient
than what we've got at the moment. uh it
will actually be um less I think
supportive of making rapid decisions
because ultimately people are going to
have to start looking at moving their
supply chains around and that's really
hard to do and that's why there is a
level of resistant reticence at the
moment by business and what you're
seeing is you're not seeing supply
chains moving what you're really seeing
is people looking for new markets and
you're also seeing people delaying
decisions about those big investment
choices about re reordering of their
supply chains cuz it's just so hard to
do.
>> Yeah. And I'm looking at just kind of
next. That's an example that I comes to
mind and what we've seen from the Dutch
government that you are seeing non US
non-Chinese
governments and companies really caught
in the crosshairs of of this trade war
here right now. How do you even manage
or even hedge a risk that risk now as as
a company? Well, I think this this is
the the whole challenge of actually
developing I think a forward-looking
view about that's why the the
uncertainty is such a problem people
what is that forward looking you look at
the experience in next and the Dutch
government stepping on the basis of uh
of what they said was governance
concerns there I mean the interventions
of governments without actually fully
understanding how business operates can
also be problematic and what we're
seeing at the moment is the world shifts
from like geopolitics to geoeconomics is
that governments have not shifted the
way in which they actually develop their
policies. Yeah. Okay. National security
is number one, but you can only have a
strong security system when you have a
strong economy. So even when you're
making decisions around national
security and economic uh uh I suppose um
interventions, you actually need to
consult with business about what's
really going on because how does the
next supply chain actually work? Do they
fully understand that? So I think
there's really important issues about
business now being much more integrated
into decision making particularly on the
frameworks go forward which is what I
was trying to explain before whatever
system emerges now and that's what we're
really interested in it's got to be
capable of solving real business
problems not political problems and
that's what we're really focused on
>> John it's great to have you John Don
there international chamber of commerce
secretary general joining us here at the
ape CEO summit but we got plenty more
ahead This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, welcome back. Counting down to
the open of mainland markets. Uh, a lot
of earnings have come through yesterday.
We'll talk more about this. So, the
likes of Bank of China, Pingan are
opening up in mainland China. We'll see
what earnings reaction looks like uh on
the back of those numbers. I think
Pingan was an 11% pop in business. Uh
Bank of China is about 5% give or take
there. In terms of sectors that we're
tracking, so gold on the back of this
3-day decline and then we're stable, but
looks like we're seeing some downside
pressure uh more than the opposite this
morning. uh there's this detailed report
uh and paper to underscore this boost
towards not just simply boosting
consumption short-term but the role of
consumption as far as the larger pine
output is concerned that's one sector to
watch 4,000 is a level we're tracking we
were briefly above that level for I
think about an hour or so in a session
yesterday including the launch break so
we'll see whether or not we are able to
cross that and close above it is the
other thing altogether futures are
pointing higher 410 of 1% another strong
fix coming through out of PBOC and of
course what is also worth pointing out
is longerdated yields. [music] You have
the 10 and also the 30-year are now
trading at about multi-week lows. The
opening bell is coming up next. This is
[music] the China show.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're kind of on the open of
markets. Of course, Hong Kong markets
are shut here today for a public
holiday. But here in Yongju, South
Korea, it is all eyes on President
[music] Trump, all eyes on President Xi
when both those leaders arrive here in
this cold, chilly city here, hopefully
willing to bring down the temperature
when it comes to trade tensions [music]
here. But really, when it comes to
global investors, Dave, I think a lot of
foreign investors are really getting
used to this sort of new regime, right?
You know, when it comes to tension,
escalate [music] then deescalate. the
sort of sort of sort of mantra here.
Maybe that we're not as shocked by the
headlines that we're seeing around trade
these days.
>> Yeah. Kind of like heart rate or your
your your your um [music] yeah, your
pulse uh blood pressure. I think what's
what's consistent well what's needed
really needed is um a lower for longer
as it comes to those things. And we do
understand I think Ivon, you were just
mentioning this earlier on. I think any
I think any minute now that the US
president is set to land uh in Chris and
we'll obviously bring you guys up to
speed as far as that's concerned.
Markets are doing very well. So we're
now about 10 points of that 4,000
handle. The China X index is leading the
way early on in onore markets. Again
worth pointing out that Hong Kong is
shut today. So no markets here now.
Earning stories. So you have everything
from Maai to Shandong leading those
names. Uh Mida of course which is a
consumption name. Well, there's a
consumption theme also today. Midland
will tell us about that in a moment.
Mainland sectors to watch uh including
consumption early on. We're looking at
some pressure there. It actually was
doing okay yesterday. We're doing better
today and materials were down
substantially yesterday. Jangy copper
non-ferris metals were some of the
constituents there. We're seeing some
pressure. Well, the opposite of such
earnings. Okay, earnings reaction to be
more specific. We talked about Jansy
copper ZT that's a miss. Bank of China,
Pingan. Not a lot of reaction there. And
of course, we're also looking at the
currency 10day look at dollar onshore.
And as you can see the right most side
of your screens, there's really this
noticeable pivot to the lower end of
that range. We're now at about we're
below 710. Uh yet again, we broke that
level of course over the last 24 hours
or so. Now, does a stronger currency
certainly help the consumption story?
You look at your economics theory,
certainly it does. Um and you know just
on that story right so China has pledged
and have has more details now on this
this this exercise to boost domestic
consumption over the next five years
here while keeping tech manufacturing as
top priorities. The communist party also
pledging uh uh well the pledge their
aims to reduce reliance on exports after
trade tensions escalated sharply this
year. Let's bring in Min Milo, our China
correspondent to uh just help us
understand what these measures are that
the government is talking about to boost
this uh consumption drive.
>> Yeah, it's interesting when you did the
market check earlier, the consumer
staples index and the consumer
discretionary actually still pointing
down and perhaps markets are not too
impressed by what we are seeing out of
the readout here. This is a more
comprehensive uh document after what we
got from the communicate of the fourth
clean and the government clearly uh
putting the priority squarely on
boosting consumption and its share of
the GDP. Currently it stands at 40%
which is far below the global average of
56%. So still a long way to go there in
terms of how they're going to do it.
They're going to improve people's
livelihood. spend more on uh public
spending for example, uh promote
employment, increase or improve those uh
income distribution. But exactly how
they're going to do that, the details
are still a bit lacking at this moment.
They also touch on the anti-involution
campaign promoting healthy competition
that that is based on quality rather
than price. But again, analysts are
saying that the language is perhaps not
strong enough. It's suggesting that
maybe the government might discourage
investment into overcrowded sectors but
not necessarily maybe close off those
excess capacity. But clearly, you know,
President C did make a speech and he
said that China needs to double down on
strengthening its domestic economy in
order to counter all of these external
uncertainties.
>> Yeah. Maybe before I ask you about the
the follow-up question, I just need to
correct myself. I mentioned that US
President Trump is set to arrive any
minute now. I correct myself. I I
forget. What time is it, Min? 9
>> 9:30.
>> 9:30. Okay. So, I'm 1 hour ahead of uh
schedule here. He's set to arrive in the
next hour. Thank you so much for the
time check. So, okay. Tech
self-reliance. What do we know about
that?
>> Yeah, obviously tech self-reliance is
still the number one priority. That's
still ranking above con above
consumption. Okay. And it's coming
against this backdrop. As you said,
President Trump landing in South Korea
in about an hour or so. He is expected
to sign a tech pact with South Korea uh
in areas of AI, quantum computing, you
know, six gen mobile technology and
these are the very same areas that China
wants to also ramp up investment and
have breakthroughs in especially in core
technologies in areas like new materials
and new energy um [clears throat] yeah
mobile technology as well. Uh so
obviously the the tech race is ramping
up. We're watching closely this US China
trade talk because one of the big
factors that are affecting tens of
thousands of Chinese companies now is
the US expanding the rules around the
entity list to include the affiliates of
those companies on the list and many
companies that are now you know have
already separated their sort of business
operations from their affiliates they
are being affected in their overseas
expansion a lot of scrutiny on on their
operations and this is what China has
been very upset about. So as part of its
efforts to really bolster its
resilience, one of it is discussing with
you the US to get those export controls
uh undone but at the same time also
trying to improve its own uh capacity
when it comes to these advanced
technology.
>> Minman thank you so much Minman Low our
China correspondent there joining us
from Singapore is John Lynn Alians
Bernstein CIO for EM emerging markets
value equities and also Chinese
equities. Uh John good morning from Hong
Kong thank you for joining us. Ivon is
joining us from Korea as well where I
think something else is going on. John,
let me just start with and the reason I
bring Ivan up in the events in South
Korea. Markets don't seem to be treating
the geopolitical risk as as a material
risk or event. Is do you think you know
this this approach how sanguin markets
seem to be over geopolitics? Does it
does that make sense to you?
>> Good morning uh David. It's always good
to good to be here. Um I think so uh is
the short answer. the uh uh pingponging
of sentiment has been going on for quite
some time uh uh this term uh in
President Trump's second term if you
don't count the first term where you
know as a I'm no expert but as an
outside observer it seems to me that
there are a group of national security
hawks uh who will uh stop by nothing
other than very very severe policies or
sanctions toward China and there are
another group of adviserss around
President Trump that seems seems to just
want to carry out um normal policies uh
uh according to their agenda. Uh but
they want the economy to to sort of hold
up and do fine. Um and so when it comes
to uh trade policies or industrial
policies uh between US and China or on
the US side, it seems to be bouncing
around. Um and so from our point of view
is uh we've been thinking that when
policies look great uh you know don't
get too relaxed because there's probably
a round down the corner uh that will uh
uh scare people a little bit and when
people are pulling their hair out in
despair uh don't worry so much cuz
things are probably not as bad as they
seem. But you know what? Like leaning
against that uh uh consensus in order to
make money seems to be harder now
because many people in the market are
doing the same thing we have been doing.
>> Okay. So does that make you rethink that
strategy then or do you continue to lean
into it? It's delivered to your which
which you alluded to there just now,
John?
Yeah, I I think I think it's it's harder
than uh uh than before certainly to do
that strategy and which means that I
think the market is increasingly uh
pricing in that ping ponging of
sentiment and it just become a sort of a
normal Tuesday uh if you will uh you
know the way we sort of frame this
around uh if you look back 15 20 years
seems to be you know North Korea testing
their missiles for example I mean can
you remember how many missiles North
Korea have fired in the last 24 months I
Um, and so I think the market is getting
used to it.
>> Yeah, I can't either, John. Uh, I I have
to ask you, you mentioned that this this
rally that we're seeing in China, most
have thought that this is liquidity
driven, but you're saying actually there
is a bit more fundamental aspect to it
that you are finally starting to see
some ROE and EPS revisions to the upside
on certain sectors. Can you tell us what
you're seeing and what parts of the
market are you seeing that most
pronounced?
>> Yeah, indeed. Uh, it's still very early
days and depending on the industry and
the companies, the trajectory are still
pretty murky and kind of different. Uh,
but there are some signs the offshore
part MSEI China the ROE seems to have
bottom. Now, we don't know if that's a
temporary bottom or or that things keep
declining. Um but that bottoming is
forming around particularly some of the
industries where are where you see more
beneficiaries from the tax spending. the
big AI push is not just taking place I
mean the US is taking place I mean China
as well and so sort of that renewed
capital spending is helping a segment uh
of companies um and seeing revenues uh
rebound um and anti-involution policies
uh again still early days but that's
also starting to form a bottom in some
of the really uh uh cutthroat
competition that we're seeing in some of
the industries and stopping that price
decline line or price war. Um and
hopefully over time that also leads to a
bottom in terms of return for those
companies.
>> Yeah. In terms of the AI play, I mean,
if you look across the entire supply
chain, how do you position around that
now? Because we've been talking about
how expensive these sort of chip plays
or foundaries are. Where sort of the
next sort of way to to lean into this
this theme?
>> Yeah, indeed. um uh uh the AI um sort of
market has arrived uh in HR in China as
well. So for for us humble uh value
investors is certainly uh not the
easiest market to operate in because the
market attention is so focused on a
narrow set of companies. Um, and you're
right. I think some of the the leading,
you know, semiconductor companies, the
chip makers, etc. are getting really
expensive and we're talking about, you
know, three 400 times price to earnings,
for example. Those valuations in China
make Nvidia look downright a bargain,
right? Uh, and so we tend to look at the
secondary place. uh you know the PCB
makers, the server assemblers, the
optical transceiver makers that you know
you can't make a AI server work with
just the chips, right? You need
everything else very sophisticated PCB
boards, you know, for the chips to set
out, for example, for for AIs to work.
Uh and those tend to be the place that
we're hunting for ideas because their
valuation on a relative basis are are
much easier to stomach.
John, hold in a second. We're getting
some lines here from President Trump on
Air Force One as he makes his way here
to South Korea and he was talking about
uh this trip with Japan where he said it
was a great trip to Japan. Uh he
reiterates this investment uh with
Toyota and when he comes to the she
meeting uh on Thursday, he expecting to
be lowering that fentinel tariff. We did
see some early reports from the journal
for example that mentioned that they
those levies could be brought down to
10% here given China's commitment to try
to control some of these kind of
precursor chemicals that go into
fentinel. So maybe there is some
progress on this front. So they expect
China to help with the fentinel
situation that's going to make a big
step with fentinel he says and they are
working something out with rare earths.
Right. There has been a lot of
anticipation that those rare earth
export curves that China implemented
just a few weeks ago that that could be
delayed or pushed back in some ways
here. The US and Scott Besson the
treasury secretary mentioned that it
could be be a deferral of one year. We
have not gotten that confirmation from
the Chinese side here. So maybe this is
the trade-off that we're seeing here,
right? So lowering fentinel tariffs on
China and maybe something could come out
with rare earths but the fentinel issue
seems to be kind of front and center now
and you know what was 20% tariffs we we
might see that lower we'll see if it's
10% we'll see what level that is Dave
but this could be seen as a pretty easy
and and and quick win for China.
Yeah, in fact, you know, I'm glad you
brought that up because the I think when
you when you tie in and you know, I'm
going to tie in what we're hearing
domestically as a story in China today,
right? Our other top story apart from
everything else that's going on on the
geopolitical front is this detailed
document that outlines China's plan uh
that readout that we had last week out
of the fourth plan, the 5-year plan,
right? This detailed plan on how to get
consumption to become a bigger part of
the uh economic pie.
There is a geopolitical implication
there, right? Because Scott Bessent, US
officials have been pushing China to
rebalance its economy away from exports
into something there. So, you know, that
actually is and should come in line as
far as aligning the stars geopolitically
uh is concerned. Uh let's John Jon is
still with us of course out of
Singapore. John, apologies for that
interruption, but I'm not sure if you
heard just our comments now between
Ivonne and myself talking about this
consumption theme that we're starting to
get more meat in the bones on this plan
here. Is there anything actionable from
an investor point of view near-term on
this plan? We all know, of course,
that's the intention to make consumption
big, but is there anything actionable
specifically at this point in time
there, John?
Well, I think we have to see some of the
details um when they do come out. Um but
from our point of view, observing other
economies and other governments trying
to push consumption, you know, it's it's
rather difficult. It's like pushing on a
string. And historically what needs to
happen um is for people's income to uh
go up meaningfully is for the uh social
safety net uh to meaningfully uh protect
people so that uh uh folks in the
economy feel comfortable spending money.
Now those things take time. Uh now I
would imagine that those are going to be
forming a significant part of the policy
push in China as well. Right? get wage
up uh get uh protections u uh retirement
benefits and those things up and so
folks feel more comfortable spending the
giant amount of savings that households
Chinese households have uh in the banks
right now uh those things take time. So,
you know, other than an immediate bounce
in the market, that sort of always
happens when news like this come out,
you know, for a day or two or three, um,
what we really need to see are those
policies, uh, that come out, um, and,
uh, uh, the beneficiaries that might
fall out of that could span not just the
consumption names, but also, you know,
folks that or companies that help, uh,
those strikes, right, insurance
companies, for example, if they are
really policies to push social safety
net, for example,
Right. John, final final question for
you, sir. I mean, we've herded you into
specific topics and maybe more on the
shorter term of shorter term side of
things. This slow bull markets, assuming
this is correct. It's a multi-year run
for value investors like yourself. I
imagine this is going to be a fantastic
trend to follow. What do you like
specifically at this point in time?
Yeah, at this point in time where we
found a lot of very interesting ideas
sort of shake out of different parts of
policies and economies. On the one hand,
you have um anti-involution policies
early days um but you know if they are
implemented the way they are meant uh to
be implemented uh places like nonferris
metal um you know copper uh copper
makers or cobalt miners and aluminum
smelters or even hog and chicken farmers
uh will probably see supply cuts to the
industry and price increasing and
profitability going up. So that's good
for that's good for them if u those
policies are uh implemented and then you
know around industrials and consumer
spaces there are idiosyncratic
opportunities I think you can find on
the industrial side some of the um
machinery names are finally finding a
bottom after many years of downturn
right bus makers being one of them on
the on the consumer side you know uh uh
pharmacy chains for example faced quite
a lot of headwinds in the last couple
years because of
policy crackdowns on the medical space.
Um, and they are seeming finding a
bottom and bouncing up as well. And so I
think idiosyncratically you have to sort
of scatter the the search light a little
bit. Uh, but you you do can you can find
bits and pieces of interesting
opportunities uh in a market as big and
deep as China.
>> John, we got to leave it there. Thank
you so much. John Lind there, chief
investment officer of emerging markets,
value equities, and Chinese equities at
Alliance Bernstein. Joining us out of
our Singapore studios here this morning,
just to recap some of the lines that
we're hearing from President Trump as he
makes his way to Kyongju, South Korea is
that there seems to be some sort of
things that he's looking at. He expects
to lower fentinel tariffs on China. And
also when it came to rare earth, he
mentioned that something could come out
when it came to rare earth there. We're
not short on details there for now. Um
but they are going to make a big step
when it comes to fentinel and expects
China to help with of course that drug
crisis there. So at least what this
looks like that could be a quick win
when it comes to the mainland when it
came to lowering that fentinel tariff.
Currently it's an additional tariff of
20%. Uh you have you know people
expecting that could be lowered to 10%
according to the Wall Street Journal. So
we'll see if we get any more concrete
details coming up the next few days as
well. We'll bring you the latest coming
up. Plenty more ahead from the Apex
Summit. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Here are some of the big earnings
reports we're tracking. Pingan Insurance
saw its profit up 11% in the first nine
[music] months of this year. That's a
stock as a stock market rally of course
lifting investment returns and policy
sales also expanding. Solid demand for
savings products and higher margins also
[music] promise to bolster new business
value for Pingan's life insurance
operation. Shares are up as you can see
2.3%. All right. Uh Jaxi Copper shares
are coming up on your screens as well
better by 3 and a half. Uh that's after
third quarter net income beating the
street here. Profit up 35% on year uh to
just over 1.8. That's billion remmbb
while the minor also seeing its [music]
revenue grow 14% from a year ago. Now
turning attention to banks now. Bank of
China seeing this 5% increase in third
quarter [music] profit as the lender
managed to stabilize its net interest
margins. Uh this does come amid mounting
challenges from weakening [music] credit
demand. You have net interest margin a
gauge of lending profitability remain
unchanged at 1.26% [music]
from the end of June.
Right, check this out. Solar equipment
maker Sunrow [music]
Power Supply 57% jump third quarter
profits meeting estimates there. Revenue
rising more than 20% amid strong demand
for both well demand both domestically
and also in overseas market. [music]
Shares you're going to see in your
screens are effectively headed towards
the sun more than doubled in the past
year making it among [music] the best
performers in China's renewable energy
sector. Right. Uh we're looking at
Midland markets about 20 going on 21
minutes 30 seconds into the cash market
session. It's still tech small caps and
the overlap between leading the your
gains today 810 to 1%. Uh we've been
hovering at about this flat line on the
Shanghai comp uh for most of the first
few minutes or so. We'll see what
happens here of course, but apart from
all of that, we're still waiting on uh
big events of course in Korea and Donald
Trump of course he is headed there from
Japan. He is on board Air Force One and
we understand Ivonne that he we're still
getting more lines coming through out of
the US president there. What do we know?
>> Yeah, making headlines here before even
stepping down here on South Korean soil.
That certainly is going to be
interesting, right? So, what we're
hearing so far, our focus, he says, is
on this China meeting on Thursday. Uh,
don't know if we'll be speaking about
Taiwan with Xi. We do know what we've
been reporting is that, you know,
President Xi seems to want to bring this
whole Taiwan issue and to get Trump to
maybe change its stance uh when it came
to Taiwan. Uh, but seems like the
president at this point is unwilling to
convention if this is going to be a
priority uh in these discussions on
Thursday. Uh, also talking a little bit
more about uh Hamas as well. So, of
course, we've seen the latest here when
it comes to Gaza strikes here. Um, and
they say nothing is going to jeopardize
the ceasefire of yet and also talking
about Israel has a right to retribution.
So, that was what was on in terms of the
Middle East. And then also uh when it
came to a meeting, a potential one maybe
a lot of questions about whether uh Kim
Jong-un will be part of the picture here
uh in South Korea. Trump says don't know
if he'll speak at one point come to a
point in the future to meet with Kim. So
right now we're still not sure but he
mentions here uh we'll be speaking when
it comes to Kim here. We'll come back at
some point in the future. So maybe not
this trip but at some point I look
forward to meeting with Kim Jong-un.
That's been sort of the thing that we've
been lingering here whether you know our
travel plans might have to change too if
in fact we we do see those pictures
again of of President Trump meeting with
Kim on the border as well. Also given
the fact that given the Nvidia lines and
Jensen Hang is also expected to come
here to Gongju as well. We'll be
speaking about Nvidia's Blackwell chip
with shei. That also has been quite
interesting right a lot of the focus has
been on H20 not so much when it comes to
Blackwell. So we'll see if any sort of
announcements come through from there.
It's it. So I'm looking at these
headlines that you just went through,
right? And we're we started getting
these headlines of one what 15 just 15
minutes back and just the range of
topics that were covered here.
everything from geopolitics
to North Korea to Nvidia. Of course, in
between you have now at least you know
we do understand more about what our
expectations should be around rare
earths and fentinel uh fentinel related
terrorists of course in China. So yeah,
it really sets us up very nicely going
into the next hour here as we look ahead
to that meeting scheduled for tomorrow.
We'll get a view from Beijing of course
with a center for international
governance senior fellow [music] Einer
Changen joining us in the next hour of
the China show. Um and at some point of
course in the next hour or so President
Trump is set and Air Force One is set to
land in Korea. Our team is there waiting
of course to break all the lines coming
through out of the [music] Apex CEO
summit. Let's just to say there is a ton
ahead here on the China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Here's a look at the CSI 300. Half
an hour into the cash market session,
Hong Kong is shut. So, our main and only
proxy for sentiment across greater China
today uh are these Midland markets.
We're looking at 3/10 of 1%. We're
flatter [music] on the Shanghai comp
here. Uh we're much higher when you look
at the China XT index. Um and yes, so
we're still zeroed in on this upcoming
meeting between President Trump and
President Xi. US President Donald Trump
just left Japan
about an hour or so ago. He is on board
Air Force One where we thought and our
entire newsroom thought we could get the
sort of brief period of quiet until he
lands in Korea and then the news just
starts. But Ivon, we were sorely
mistaken there. These news lines are
coming in thick and fast on everything
out of the US president as he makes his
way of course from Japan into where you
are there in Korea.
>> Yeah.
>> I was going to joke that our our studio
here right now is right next to the Hib
booth, right? And [music] you guys
missed it on TV, but Rat Monster from
BTS was just here with the founder of
Hib. Uh, and that was such a moment and
I was just, oh, let's do that. You know,
that was what I really kind of thought
was the most exciting thing. But yes,
these Trump headlines certainly are
putting the spotlight back on trade
here.
What we heard in the last few minutes is
quite interesting.
>> You know what? I'm going to be looking
for BTS settings the whole time I'm here
in Korea. Take a look when it comes to
what we heard from Trump though, right?
Because
>> it was interesting. We heard about
fentinel. So he says, you know, when it
comes to fentinel, he expects to lower
that tariff on China, right? 20%
currently. That could be a quick win for
China. What also could be another win is
what we're hearing when it comes to
Nvidia and this Blackwell chip. Trump
says he will be speaking about Nvidia's
Blackwell chip with Shei. Up until now,
we've been talking about the H20 chips,
the less advanced ones, which Trump
said, you know, the likes of, you know,
of Nvidia can actually ship to China,
right? That was certainly rejected by
the Beijing and and told, you [music]
know, the local companies out there to
not to shun that chip, right? If we see
any sort of breakthrough when it comes
to Blackwell chips being shipped to
China, I think that could be a
substantial progress there and certainly
could be a win for Beijing. I'm not
going to foresee, obviously, we're just
speculating right now. on what could
happen.
>> But what we are hearing from Trump is
that, you know, rare earth chips,
fentinel looks to be the top issues that
we could see some sort of news. Uh when
it comes to Taiwan, he says he's not
sure if President Xi's going to bring it
up. Uh and when it comes to North Korea,
meeting Kim Jong-un, he said might not
be maybe something in the future, he
says. I think that's sort of what we've
heard so far on Air Force One. And we're
just moments away. I think maybe in the
bottom of this hour we're likely to see
President Trump arriving here at Yongju.
>> Yeah. And the remarks in fact just just
just ended uh just ended about a few
seconds ago. I said that that seems to
be uh all of it for now and we'll wait
of course until Air Force One lands and
of course we'll have we'll bring you
those live pictures once if they're
available and of course once once they
do. Uh it's just also worth pointing out
that one of the last things Donald Trump
said in those remarks was he thinks
we're going to have a great meeting with
Xi. We've heard a lot about what the US
is getting out of this. What we haven't
heard so far and understandably so is
what China is getting out of this as far
as that conversation goes. And we we'll
really get into that that latter point
uh at some point this hour as well with
our guests of course out out of out of
China. But that's just to say uh we we
can table that for now. Let's have a
look at these markets right now. Uh
mainland markets 3/10en of 1% to the
upside. We're looking at the China index
up about 1.3% as you can see here right
behind me uh to my left Asia Pacific
we're doing very very well a lot of that
is down to what's happening in tech
Japan you have Adventist in there Korea
you have Eski Hinik story we heard from
Nvidia overnight we heard about
Blackwell we heard from Jensen Huang
talking about this is uh well I'm I'm
paraphrasing and simplifying it but
really pushing back against the notion
that this is a bubble you look at all
the transactions and deals that have
been done and speaking of that very
specific topic Jensen Benson Hang Apac
CEO summit and the deals we are
expecting there in fact just from our
Bloomberg sourcing is that they're
looking at one or plural with Hyundai
Motor and Samsung and all of that all of
this on your screens 2% higher on the
Cosby index right now very quickly
before I wrap things up with markets a
look at Dollar China 10day look another
strong fixing coming through in the last
out of the PBOC and we're now back above
710 after briefly trading below that for
last what day or so on dollar on shore.
Let's bring in Mark Cranfield right now
with us out of Singapore to help us
understand the mood music out there.
Mark uh I think uh Steven Angel
mentioned uh I think it was Michael
Bolton yesterday. Ivonne went had to go
with BTS today. Clearly upbeat music
going into this this meeting. What is
the risk we don't see Mark?
>> I'm expecting to see BTS jump out from
behind Ivon any minute. right now with a
a dance routine to support this.
>> Yes.
>> Um the only the only thing that can
really go wrong here is that the the
talks between C and Trump disappoint
investors um in the sense that
>> it looks as though it's a step backwards
rather than continuing to push things
forward. It doesn't even need to be a
hugely successful meeting. They just
need to basically achieve. Most of the
sound bites that we've seen so far look
as though there are things that can be
done that can be confirmed and the
markets will be very happy with that.
What they wouldn't want to see is that
something gets dropped from this agenda
and they come out and they say, "Well,
we couldn't agree on Nvidia chips or we
we couldn't agree on Fentinel." And that
would be seen as a as a disappointment.
That would certainly spoil the
short-term mood. But at the same time,
when you've got earning season going the
way it is, people could forget about it
reasonably quickly, providing we got
three huge tech companies reporting
tonight after the FOMC. If they hit the
ball out the park with their numbers, as
some of the companies have been doing,
they'll probably forget about it again.
But certainly short-term volatility
would be very high if we get negative
sounding bites that come out between the
C and and Trump meeting.
Yeah, Mark, you mentioned the next 36
hours are going to be quite crucial, not
just when it comes to what could come
out of talks here between Trump and she,
but you also have the Fed ECB, you have
BOJ meeting, you also have the the MAG
7. I think three are are reporting after
the FOMC decision. So, what do you think
is going to be moving markets the most?
What should we be focused on the most
the next three days?
Well, the the surprise momentum could
come out of the Fed if they they're
expected to lower interest rates. That's
certainly the case. But it's not certain
that they will announce um stopping the
reduction in the balance sheet. That is
a kind of a 50/50 decision. If they do
that, if they do make it clear that
they're going to stop reducing the
balance sheet and before the end of this
year, it could be pretty soon or they
may target a date at the around the
December meeting, something like that.
If they confirm it, that's not fully
priced into the market and that would be
like an additional small interest rate
cut as well. And that could just add
fuel to what is obviously already a very
hot equity market. So certainly there
would be room for a bit more excitement
from that and we may well see a bit more
flattening of the the Treasury curve if
that is the is the case. So certainly
treasuries have been pretty quiet all
week but certainly they could come to
life if the Fed does say that it is
going to stabilize its balance sheet
around these levels.
>> Mark Cranfield, thank you so much. our M
live strategist there on what to watch
as far as the Fed is concerned and if
they do end announce an end to QT yours
truly is still here anyway coming up on
the China show uh the view from Beijing
we're frontloading banter because things
are about to get serious and uh go up a
notch here as we make our way into the
thick of things here Trump she meeting
and of course the center for
international governance joins us next
with their outlook and their [music]
perspective on Tangan joins us in a
couple of minutes this is the China
I I expect to be uh lowering that
because I believe that they're going to
help us with the fentanyl situation. We
haven't talked about the timing yet, but
we're going to work out something. We're
doing very well with Rare Earth, as you
know, and we're I think going to make a
big step with that and all this.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. You just heard there from US
President Trump comments literally in
the last 30 minutes aboard Air Force One
on route currently to South Korea uh
where Ivan is of course for the Apex
summit. We're just summarizing that
those comment that those comments just
ended about what time is it now? Uh
we're looking at about just 10 minutes
back. Right. So we have various levels
of certainty one and four to uncertainty
on what that something is as far as the
rare earth story is concerned. Suffice
to say, we now understand a little bit
more about the sort of parameters and
the different talking points that
they'll be discussing. This is not sure
of course the big question as it
pertains to Taiwan and merely maybe an
observation. They talked about Nvidia
Blackwell and the the deals there as it
pertains to Nvidia and China. Uh an
observation and merely just I guess a
description Ivon from Donald Trump,
President Trump that the US is leading
China and the world when it comes to
critical technologies. Ivon
Yeah, and it's interesting. We are
seeing some market reaction to some of
these comments already, right? I'm
looking at Nvidia. There's a line on the
terminal now in the alt exchange. So, we
are seeing Nvidia actually rising some
8% after Trump mentioned this Blackwell
comment that he's going to be discussing
this Nvidia Blackwell chip to Xi Jinping
when he meets with him on Thursday. For
more, let's bring in Tangga, senior
fellow at the Center for International
Governance. Um, certainly we you're
hearing a little bit on Air Force One
about what could be discussed everything
from fentinel from chips even blackwell
chips from Nvidia. What do you think is
going to be the most important thing
that we could get out of of here in
Gyongju between Trump and she?
>> Well, hopefully that there's going to be
a period of some stability. Uh, China is
slow playing the US. Uh you had a huge
climb down by Donald Trump talking about
100% tariffs or cutting off all trade
with China now talking about fentanyl
and blackwell chips. Uh don't be
surprised if there's talk about a phase
two. He wants to deliver something for
the farmers who have soybeans rocking in
the fields and it will be very good for
business long term. It's not going to be
a big package deal, but there's going to
be enough there so that people say,
"Okay, maybe we can predict and go
forward with a few investments.
>> What would a win look like for for
China?" Anar
>> a win for China is eating up time. Uh
right now we have three years in a
couple another month or two. Uh with
Donald Trump, uh he's murial. It's very
hard to know where he's going to go. I
think there's some uh shying away from a
big deal because there's a concern that
like with Mexico and Canada the be big
beautiful bill and teal that is
negotiated suddenly becomes uh horrible
and needs to be changed uh eg Trump
would come back with more demands. So I
think it's just slow playing but as I
said this keeps the United States at the
negotiating table and away from causing
havoc. uh that creates more
predictability and I think that's really
good for the markets.
I know David here is that something you
think we can expect certainly there is a
sense of stability in common I think
more importantly visibility
you know dare dare I say over the next
12 months and I'm very careful at giving
a specific time frame but that does seem
to be the case that this is probably the
best uh the status of this relationship
is the best that I can remember
relatively speaking of course going back
a couple of years.
>> Oh absolutely. I mean David and the
reason you're thinking a year is you've
been hearing banter around that uh China
is going to extend the rare earth's uh
whatever agreement there is uh for a
year but uh don't count on them being
willing to supply uh defense firms with
you know the kind of critical materials
they need to make weapons and bombs that
could be used against China. I think
that's going to be a very very difficult
line for uh China to cross. But in terms
of uh commercial uses uh even dual uses,
I think that China will see its way
clear at least on a you know one-year
basis uh saying that they're going to
check on things and make sure things
aren't leaking into the defense sector.
Uh but that that is all good because all
of a sudden you have a a playing field
where Donald Trump isn't going from one
extreme to the next. uh he's going to
have to be focused and bear down on
China, especially if there's a phase two
deal and you start to see um soybeans
being picked out of the fields. Um that
is good for everybody. I mean there's a
win-win. It's not about China winning or
the US winning. No one wins in a trade
war. It's just a question of uh limiting
the damage. Now
>> what do you think worries the Chinese
side?
David, right? Right now, one of the
biggest worries is uh Trump has been
fairly mercurial in his meetings. They
want to avoid an incident where he tries
to insult Xi Jinping over China. Uh says
something that is just going to be taken
the wrong way. Um if that happens, it's
it's going to create a lot of damage. Uh
everyone is on tender books about this
issue. In terms of everything else, um,
I think they've studied Donald Trump
fairly carefully for the last eight
years. They think they have an
understanding of how to deal with him,
but you know, Donald Trump, he's the
original madman tactic, so you can never
really know exactly what's going to come
next.
>> Yeah. And I think what really shocked
the world last few weeks on has been
China and this whole sort of global
licensing regime when it comes to
critical minerals and rare earth. Do you
get a sense that China may have been a
little bit too overconfident in this
front here and and really runs the risk
of you know disrupting supply chains as
well as really prompting a lot of
countries to diversify and reduce their
reliance on China. Do you think that
they've done enough to reassure some of
these non US sort of nations here?
>> Yeah, I I think that's the whole point
of this thing. Remember, Donald Trump
was never going to go to uh the ASEAN or
any of these meetings. Uh he wasn't
interested. Made it very clear. The fact
that he's there even though he's not
attending the meeting uh to meet with Xi
is very important. It shows that the
balance has shifted that there is some
stability in the world. In terms of
other countries, um I I think that's a
little bit of a false narrative. Uh the
fact is in 2008, uh in 30 years ago,
China's been at this rare earth's game.
Everyone was happy to let the dirty work
be done in China. Uh in 2008, there was
a strategic white paper put out by the
uh state department saying that, you
know, or I'm sorry, Pentagon saying that
this was an issue. Earth's all bottled
up there. It creates a bottleneck. And
then in 2010 uh you had a situation
where there was a boundary dispute with
Japan and in essence they didn't declare
that they weren't sending rare earths
but the rare earths weren't showing up
in Japan. So the idea that this is
somehow a huge surprise and no one knew
that this was there is I I think as I
said a false narrative.
>> Yeah. Well, you know, I I know people
tend to uh reset to to what's
convenient, right? The Well, can I ask
you then about that because I think
Ivon's question had a
important point to be made and I wonder
what you think about this. Right. So,
the this is an imperfect analogy, right?
the rare earths for chips. One has the
other card, the other one has the chips
advanced chips card. And you know, the
the the notion that
the US restricting China's access to
um to advanced chips simply reinforce
China's resolve to make itself
more independent on that specific
technology. And I think what what do you
think? Do you think China doing some
something similar when it comes to
critical, do you think that might
bolster or or in some ways backfire in
in some ways bolster uh the external
parties to uh increase or increase their
uh independence from China as it
pertains to critical minerals.
>> Well, David, I I I think it's a mistake
to assume that rare earths are the only
uh arrow in the quiver for China. What
China is doing is reminding the US that
it says we're not we're going to
restrict rare um chips to you and chipm
uh equipment by putting pressure on u
you know ASML and then most recently the
US put pressure in terms of saying oh
we're going to seize they made the Dutch
seize this company uh and this is
causing shortages around the world. The
point here is that they're underlining
the fact that the world is complex. You
cannot make these chips without these
rare earth elements. So this idea that
the US can summarily decide what goes
where is wrong. And this is the reset in
Washington. They suddenly understand now
that things are complicated. That
there's the supply chain out there that
you know we we we say we won't sell you
Boeing um aeronautics equipments. Well,
guess what? They're made with rare
earths. So I mean it's just underlining
this fact. Hopefully people around the
world understand that China has no
desire to punish uh other countries.
They have number one uh trade relations
with 140 countries. That's 3/4 of the
world. So it's not a situation where
punishing the world serves China. You
know they have to bring in resources and
they have to add value and then ship
them out again. So they're very much
interested in a connected world.
Question is is the US
That that's a fair point. In fact, ju
just to underscore the point you just
made there in you know the US used
semiconductors for me for you know the
same framework for many decades on
semiconductors and now is upset that
China is using the same thing when it
comes to this thing. Just very quickly
let's let's try end on a fairly positive
note. Do you think after this meeting
there's a possibility we'll get a formal
invitation from Beijing for President
Trump to visit China next year?
>> I I do think so. Uh I think this is the
a reset moment. Uh this is going to go
on. I mean China's very interested in
prolonging its negotiations. You'll
notice the real pattern here where uh
you know these tariffs get put off for
90 days, another 90 days, etc. That's
good for the markets. What you don't
want is a real crisis point uh brewing
up uh where they actually start uh you
know enforcing these kinds of
restrictive tariffs. you know, from
China's side, they'll be looking at uh
getting rid of this uh tariff on their
boats or I should say fees on boats,
Chinese boats or either operated or
owned or made in China. Um they'll be
interested in relief on tariffs and
things like that. So, this is going to
be a transaction. Uh both sides are
looking for things. Donald Trump wants
to seal the Tik Tok deal. So it's going
to be small things but very encouraging
for the markets and also probably
results in a invitation for Donald Trump
>> fantastic sir thank you so much for the
time as always the insights are uh thank
you so are welcome there tangen senior
fellow at the center for international
governance joining us from from Beijing
today there's plenty more to hear here
on the China Oh.
[music]
>> All right. We're just hearing here at
Gyongju a presenter talking about
President Trump set to meet that speech
uh here at the Apex CEO Summit uh later
on here today. You're looking at live
pictures out of Gimhi International
Airport where we are expecting President
Trump to arrive uh on Air Force One on
South Korean soil. So there you go. Uh
they are getting ready for him. Of
course, the key thing is going to be
today the meeting with President of
Korea, South Korea Lee Jay Mun. So we're
getting a little bit more from the South
Korean side of things. The presidential
office is talking about what could be
discussed here. uh trade and alliance
modernization are some of the key topics
that are going to be uh in these sort of
negotiations here during this lunchon
summit that we're hearing uh between
President Trump as well as President
Lee. Uh we have US officials did tell us
there in earlier reporting that they
were going to talk about things like
bolstering AI cooperation, quantum
computing, even 6G. These are certainly
kind of new technologies and new ways
that the US is really trying to at least
uh similar packs that we saw right with
the likes of Japan, likes of uh the
United Kingdom uh recently here and
really signs of really to counter China
here when it comes to advanced
technology here at a time when you are
seeing this rivalry between the two
nations. Dave.
>> Yeah, everything seems to be ready and
the only thing lacking there which I
imagine will get filled uh in the next
few minutes or so is actually Air Force
One. So the the stairs are ready. What
looks to be there's the beast of course
and the whole entourage. Uh in case you
missed that on one of the first scenes
there that looked to be the red carpet
rolled up and perhaps going to be rolled
out uh once the US president does of
course make his way and lands Air Force
One landing in just very quickly in the
meantime though we're looking at shares
of well a couple of things Toyota very
very quickly before we wrap up the the
morning session over in the US bottom of
your screens is the headline as far as
Toyota is concerned apart from other
things uh markets are doing [music] very
well big tech play big AI play more in
at in a moment.
[music]
>> Live pictures out of Kim International
Airport here in South Korea where we are
just moments away when President Donald
Trump expected to arrive in South Korea
this hour as well to attend this apex
summit. And certainly what's going to be
a focus here is this next meeting with
the South Korean president Lee Jayun at
a time when they have been talking about
you know this this trade deal which
president Lee mentioned with the
conversation with Sherry just a few days
ago where there's still a lot of you
know short of details and really
confirmation on some of these big issues
as well. So this is really in contrast
to some of the packs that we saw in
Japan and certainly was a very fruitful
uh trade deal that was discussed. You
heard a little bit more in terms of some
of the projects that you the US and
Japan want to collaborate on here as
well and in particular when it came to
auto tariffs that were brought back and
capped at 15% for Japan. If South Korea
does not get a deal with the president
that could leave some of the Korean
automakers at a disadvantage here given
those thought of terrorists could stay
at 25%. So that could be something that
is certainly top of mind. But we're
talking a little bit more about AI,
quantum computing, even 6G. That was
some of the things that might be
discussed in this meeting coming up for
lunch between the two presidents of
South Korea and the US. Dave,
>> yeah, this lunchon that's taking place.
Well, I mean, even even if they don't
get that, I guess the other thing is,
you know, to your point in AI, right?
Some of our sourcing and reporting does
suggest that uh Nvidia might be coming
in and making doing a deal. I think it's
separate with Samsung and separately
with with with Chin. That's just to say
we'll talk more about this. Jensen Huang
of course will be playing also a big
part with the CEO summit uh taking place
there. Right. So I think we just to dial
back a little bit taking a few steps
back. So where President Trump is coming
from of course is is Japan. Um he is on
his way on route and should be landing
anytime in Korea. But in Japan of course
and the conversations there this fund
infrastructure um Toyota has been very
much in focus there. So, the company
says it has not announced plans to
invest $10 billion to build plants in
the US, nor has it discussed a specific
number with the White House, according
to the company, and that's after the
president uh President Trump reiterated
the company's investment into the US
while talking to reporters on Air Force
Air Force One earlier on. For more on
this and for I guess for more clarity on
on the issue, what do we know? What do
we know? our economics and government
reporter Yoshiaki Nohara joining us out
of Tokyo this morning. So, can I just
start there? Like, what do we know? What
do we know? What don't we know about
this this this Toyota deal?
>> So, of course, we know that the
President Trump made that remark that
Toyota is going to invest 10 billion
dollar 10 billion US dollars in the US
and he was encouraging people to buy
Toyota cars. But it turns out that
company hasn't announced yet. And David,
you have to keep in mind also there was
a fact sheet released by Japan's trade
minister ministry yesterday and that
list identified the potential promising
projects for the 550 billion dollar you
uh investment fund. But in that fact she
seat there was no projects involving car
makers. So no Toyota projects if if
there's any not involved in that you
know list of promising projects for the
key investment fund
that okay that's that's a that's a good
that's a good that's good context and
nuance to hit just because I guess we
haven't heard from Toyota hasn't
announced it doesn't mean we won't what
what's the big picture where does this
leave relations between the two
following this trip
>> well I think it's fair to say that Japan
was able able to make a good impression
that it's moving ahead. It's a big step
when they identify the specific projects
that are under consideration
consideration for the investment fund
because so far there has been nothing
concrete about and specific about how
this is going to work out. But so now at
least they have these projects lined up
and it's now ultimately up to um
President Trump to decide which project
he wants to see.
Yoshiaki, thank you so much. Yoshiaki
Nohara there, our econ economics and
government reporter in Tokyo for us. And
just in the last few moments, we
understand that Air Force One has, there
we go, landed in South Korea. And of
course, my colleague and co-anchor Ivon
Man is there in South Korea covering the
story. Ivonne.
>> Yeah. So, this is the big one, right? as
we countd down to more uh leaders that
are going to be embarking here at
Gyongju, South Korea. Certainly, we've
been talking about the logistics and how
difficult it really is to get 20,000
visitors uh to this small city of so
much cultural heritage. That's why it
was chosen. But certainly, there you go.
uh smooth sailing when it comes to
President Trump arriving here at Gyongju
on the back of what has been what he has
called a very great trip uh to Japan as
well where we did hear about some of
these you know pledges as you mentioned
as well uh the meeting with President
Lee from South Korea is going to be the
next thing on the agenda and then of
course the big sort of event is going to
be on Thursday uh when President Trump
and she are going to meet in terms of
logistics we're not even quite sure
where this meeting is going to be taking
place so we might be scrambling a little
bit as Well, but you're hearing a little
more on Air Force One even before he
landed on what could be discussed,
right? When he mentioned about fentinel
tariffs that could be lowered uh that
certainly could be a win for China from
20% to we don't know what level the
expectation or Wall Street Journal at
least has been reporting that it could
be lowered to 10%. And these of course
are on you know additional tariffs that
have been put on top of already uh
tariff rates for China. So that could be
a small win for Beijing. What also could
be something that could be substantial
is the the the talk of Blackwell chips
from Nvidia and that President Trump
will be discussing the Blackwell chip
with Xi Jinping. Up until now we've been
talking about H20. Of course, President
Trump has allowed the likes of Nvidia to
of course once again ship those H20
chips to the mainland as long as the
government gets a cut of it of the
sales. Uh but China of course as you say
in a in a pivot there said you know no
need, right? we won't urging companies
not to uh take in those chips and
actually rely on its own chips as well.
does the black well chip though this is
much more advanced that could be a big
game changer if in fact there is still
going to be some news that come through
on that front as well but yes looks like
those going to be the key issues rare
earth he mentioned something could
happen with China at this meeting as
well Dave
>> yeah you know what let me just build on
what you just said there on Nvidia right
so after hours is done we do have some
trading of course and some proxies on
the alt exchange for example and I think
Ivonne mentioned this in case our
viewers missed that um and the proxy I'm
using now that is trading. If I could
ask my producers to bring NASDAQ futures
up, we're now looking at 82 points to
the upside. So, just to underscore some
of the market moving and market reaction
to just very very basic comments coming
through out of Air Force One with Donald
Trump earlier on 81 points in NASDAQ
futures. We're looking at uh the alt
exchange I think well we closed higher
overnight. In fact, we are now looking
at 8 and a half. Well, we were looking
at 8 12%
um after those comments on Blackwell
from the US president. Just to recap
what you're seeing on your screens, the
US president and Air Force One just a
few minutes back touched down in South
Korea. It's taxiing right now into the
bay into where we are where this whole
welcoming committee is has been waiting
in deceivingly very cold weather. It's
my understanding of where we are right
now as far as that's concerned. There's
a band waiting. Whether or not we get
the same song in dance that we got when
he landed in South Korea in in Malaysia
is another thing altogether perhaps not
more important there. Uh we are also
looking at because the entourage is
there. Uh we did catch a glimpse of the
beast. U that's the car of course. Uh
and we're also looking at the red carpet
and we are in fact by the looks of
things I'm just just eyeballing this.
We're judging by the fact that you are
getting the shadow of those of [snorts]
the of the stairs there. There we go.
Okay. So, we are very getting in very
close to the US president coming making
his way out of Air Force One. That's all
just to say while he was on air in the
air on the way to South Korea to
reiterate some of the news coming
through there. Uh Donald Trump says he
expects a great meeting with China Xi
Jinping. The relationship with China is
very good. One of the remarks coming
through out of the US president, he says
that a meeting with President Xi will
have a very good outcome for our country
and for the world and he expects to
solve a lot of problems. So we we do
understand in terms of my expectations
based on the phrasing of some of these
headlines do expect some news on
fentinil
some progress I'm using that very
loosely some progress on rare earths. Uh
President Trump also mentioned he does
not know whether Taiwan will come up of
course in those talks as well. Uh but
that's just to say Ivan these have been
really uh market moving comments and
really sets the stage for what has
already been a very busy few hours and I
imagine Ivon that's about to get that's
going to go up a notch or two once uh
once things really get underway there
where you are.
>> Yeah, this is just Wednesday. We haven't
even talked about Thursday when these
two leaders actually meet. That's going
to be the big thing as well. We talked
about, you know, the meeting with Lee
Jung Jun is really just the appetizer.
The main course comes on Thursday when
she and Trump meet. But as you mentioned
about the Taiwan issue, it seems like
the US is downplaying that this is going
to be a top priority. He's not sure if
President Xi is going to bring it up,
but it seems like uh Trump and at least
the US side of things is unwilling to
really go there when it comes to Taiwan
issues. He says there's not that much to
ask about Taiwan. What we also didn't
hear was about North Korea. I think
reporters had asked him, you know, is
Trump looking to meet with Kim Jong-un
during his trip to South Korea and head
to the border. He said, "Look, maybe
something in the future, maybe not this
time." So at least on those sides, the
defense side, uh security side, that
certainly is one thing, but it seems
like it's really focused on, as you
mentioned, the trade aspect of things,
whether it is on fentinel, about
tariffs, uh and whether we are going to
see, of course, a 90-day truce that's
going to be extended and bring this
trade war essentially, uh to 2026.
That's really going to be the key thing
for the market as well. Those are sort
of the lowhanging fruit, right? Can we
see an extension of this trade truce and
whether you know tariffs are going to be
even on the table when it comes to 100%
tariffs that were threatened just a few
weeks ago when China did ramp up the
temperature when it came to these export
curves export curves around rare earth
we talked about is going to be key here
whether we do see some sort of I guess
watering down of these curves whether
it's on rare earth whether is on uh the
US side the export of uh of a software
for example which kind kind of led to
the latest flare up here. But both sides
have really in the last couple hours and
days have really been bringing the
positive vibes. I think the People's
Daily, this is the official Chinese
Communist Party mouthpiece, uh mentioned
yesterday about we we hope that, you
know, we can meet in the middle, right?
That they can reach some sort of
consensus uh or some sort of compromise
on these very sticky and sticking issues
here, sticking point issues here. Uh but
there you go. We are seeing Air Force
One aligning with that that uh staircase
there. So we are expecting the president
to step down here as well and arrive
here in in Kungju. So uh there is a lot
at stake here but certainly right now uh
we are seeing continue positive vibes
Dave.
>> I mean it really is and and I think a re
you know this the notion of this reset
is really coming to I think literal
fruition when we see them together
tomorrow. Now, in terms of the substance
and what each side walks away with, we
really have a good understanding now of
the diplomatic wins and the lowhanging
fruit and it seems to me we'll be
getting progress on that, right? So,
things like the tariff that was there
was an additional tariff that was set to
take effect at the end of this week that
doesn't seem to be part of the
conversation now. We could even get a
lowering of the fentinel related
tariffs. Uh the thornier issues seems to
be well at least the foundation to
discuss that still seems to be uh the
juryy's still out on that one as they
roll out the red carpet. That's just to
say that to the point that our guest
earlier on shows was making Tang get out
of Beijing that Beijing is slowplaying
Donald Trump that it is in the in not so
much in the interest let me just
rephrase that ever so slightly in the
event that these talks don't go as the
news flow is expecting them to and
suggests that they will um it won't be
as bad of an outcome for the Chinese
side uh an extension if you will as far
as that's concerned. You know that's
just to say let let me just crowbar in
the other big story we were talking
about today. It's it's perhaps not a
coincidence that this detailed
road map it did of course happen the
fourth plenum the 5-year plan is out. We
did also just get that overnight and
last yesterday, Tuesday afternoon, a
detailed document outlining China's
blueprint to elevate consumption to
become a bigger part of the economic
pie. That's not a short-term uh measure.
It's a longerterm blueprint and that
goes into what not just the US has
asked, China's trading partners have
asked to rebalance the economy in favor
of greater consumption. The reason I say
it's not a coincidence because it
actually goes into many of these ma
major issues longer term that these two
economies have been discussing
negotiating over. Uh and we'll see we'll
see what these talks hold. Uh but before
we get to the point right we have this
lunchon coming through and of course
we're still waiting one for the US
president to actually uh come out of Air
Force One.
>> Yeah. Yeah, as you mentioned, right, you
got to wonder, does this trade war in
some way, you know, help or hurt
President Xi? And and some could argue
that China is in some ways winning in
this trade war because they've been able
to leverage the likes of soybeans,
leverage the likes of rare earth as a
key weapon in this trade war. And it
it's been effective in some ways and
really getting President Trump to want
to meet and give some concessions,
right? If this whole Blackwell chip uh
is comes into fruition where you know
Nvidia can ship those chips to China,
that would be a major concession on the
part of the US. But as you talk about
right this this grand bargain that
people have been talking about that sort
of reality seems to be fading a little
bit as we get closer just given you know
all these kind of long-standing issues
between the two nations and what people
say is more realistic could be just a
series of small deals right short-term
fixes over time uh between the two just
given the structural sort of issues that
are still at play here and there is a
lot of talk as you mentioned about
self-reliance as you mentioned about you
know being this sort of technonist sort
of uh industrial superpower. This has
been a long long project of President Xi
for the past decade or so. And you heard
that in that 14th 5-year plan that they
really kind of chose this uh in the face
of you know external threats there over
really boosting consumption. So I think
at one point it is going to be a big
question for China you know are you
going to choose between self-sufficiency
or actually boosting consumption to
stabilize growth. But there you go.
You're seeing President Donald Trump
there greeting the South Koreans as he
of course embarks and steps out of Air
Force One. Certainly this is on the back
of his uh trip to Asia, Malaysia.
yesterday was Japan which you know both
of these trips have been uh very very
positive in terms of what was achieved
there right and really you are seeing a
flurry of deals that the president has
uh been at least agreed to with Azion uh
with of course the new prime minister of
Japan Takichi there and certainly uh
there has been this momentum behind the
US as he of course embarks in South
Korea so at least for now you are seeing
more engagement from the US in this part
of the world and we'll right? President
Trump uh is there. There you go.
Greeting the leaders and certainly we're
expecting that lunchon to happen in just
a few moments as well uh with President
Lee Jay Moon. But there is going to be a
lot hanging uh there, you know, with
President Trump and what really could
be, you know, really agreed upon with
China, right? We need something of of
substance. We need to quantify, you
know, the number of soybeans that China
is going to purchase. We need that in
order for you know the global investment
community to really see yes something
came out of this uh and that we are
actually seeing some more progress.
It's it's it's worth pointing out that
you know the he's he's coming from
Japan, he's in South Korea now. These
are two US allies of course and in terms
of just the economic relationship and
and trade trade ties between the two
there had been a very deliberate um
exercise on the part of obviously the
teams involved here to really bolster
those economic ties right whether that's
FDI from Japan into the US we just
talked about uh Toyota just now um on
the part of rare earths for example and
critical materials there has been if you
look at the specific news flow and some
of the deals that have been announced
uh very recently on that that goes into
also US efforts and its allies efforts
to really I guess in some ways uh take a
step back as far as the reliance on the
Chinese ecosystem is concerned. Now,
what we don't know so far is to what
extent, even if we will get a pause, a
one-year pause in rare earth. And if we
do get one, what does that actually look
like? Because we haven't even formed the
sort of details around uh what the
current framework is something that did
catch markets off guard about two or 3
weeks back. It certainly almost threw a
spanner in the works as far as the
conversation goes because you had this
recent tit for tat and reescalation and
deescalation which shortly followed days
after that. So we'll see what happens
here as far as this is concerned. But
yes, you are looking at live pictures
out of Gimhi airport in South Korea
where the US president and Air Force One
just landed. I would say about 10
minutes back he's re he's emerged from
Air Force One. He's made his way down
into the car. What you're not going to
see is him lining up at immigration.
I've actually yet to see a world leader
get off a plane or get on a plane and
get into line in immigration. Anyway,
that's just to say, of course, the red
carpet has been rolled out for the US
president. It's going to be a very busy
few hours there uh for for for Donald
Trump and his team. Not to mention not
to mention what we've talked about a lot
is the political side of things. This is
the APEC CEO summit. So as far as
markets go, it's the deals between those
companies involved. And there's an
extremely long list of corporate heads
and VIPs that are in the same place in
the world uh to talk us through these
various deals. And one of which I invite
our viewers to read this Nvidia,
Samsung Electronics, and Hyundai Motor.
Anyway, we can look at these pictures
and I think I believe we will leave this
here uh for now as he makes his way of
course from [music] Air Force One into
the next mode of transport for our
Bloomberg clients. You can check this
out on your terminal. T Live [music] Go
is the function you run for more context
on this. I believe there should also be
another functions as well. Suffice to
say, we'll keep on top of the coverage
in the next hour. We are [music]
expecting the US president of course to
give that keynote speech. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[music]
We're currently assuming China is going
to be 0% of our business. And if it
comes back, if President Trump was able
to negotiate um or if China would like
us to come back to to to China, um it's
going to be a huge bonus for us.
>> My script says to tell you that's Jensen
[music] Hong. I don't need to tell you
that. Anyway, of course, the company has
announced it's teaming up with uh Uber,
Palanteer, and Crowdstrike among others
to ensure its tech technology remains at
the hearts of the AI frenzy. Uh Nvidia
tie-ups or Nvidia's tie-ups rather
reflect its increasingly global
ambitions that the company's planning
this $1.2 billion data center in Germany
with Deutsche Telecom. Uh, Huang is also
said to unveil packs and I think we
alluded to this earlier a few minutes
back uh with the likes of Samsung and
Hyundai when visiting South Korea of
course for this uh big meeting that's
taking place there. And yes, it really
segus uses nicely into where you are and
um it's not just extremely cold, it's
extremely busy and a lot of the deal
teams are out and about today. Uh what's
going on there? What's the agenda
looking like there?
Yeah. Well, what what you're trying to
see is that Nvidia is definitely going
to be on a business trip and talking to
a lot of the Korean tech names that you
mentioned there, but also it seems like
the lobbying that he's done for the
past, I want to say year has been quite
successful, right? The fact that they're
bringing this whole black well trip into
discussions with President Xi uh is
going to be a big deal. But does this
run the risk of really angering some of
the hawks among the Trump ad Trump
administration around national security
and the like that? certainly is going to
be a key focus here within the Trump
administration as well. So there you go.
We're also learning a bit more about the
menu that they're going to have between
President Le South Korea.
>> Tell us about it. Tell us about it.
>> I love this. So they're talking about
appetizer featuring thousand island
dressing. This is a nod to of course New
York City and the Trump's roots there.
Followed by a three course Korean menu
using Yongju rice, seasonal produce, and
local specialties. And yes, dessert
going to be gold themed, of course.
Dave.
>> Oh, yeah. Well, Oval Office themed if
you think about it. Yeah. Right. If you
look at the backdrop there in the Oval
Office. So, a thousand island featuring
Thousand Island dressing. Okay. I'm glad
it had the word featuring in there, not
just simply Thousand Island
in a cup. Um, check your cholesterol if
if that's the case. Um, but yes, um, you
know, Ivan is going to be very very busy
there. There is a lunchon of course and
we do understand that from the South
Korean side that is going to be taking
place in the next hour. US President
Trump is set to of course speak where
Ivonne and this our whole team is in
fact Sherry's there and I believe she's
been complaining about the cold the
whole time right just you know just just
dress up you know put some stuff on
Sherry but apart from that we understand
it is very very How cold is it? How cold
is it? I've gotten complaints about
this. How cold is it Ivonne? Tell us the
truth.
I'm wearing I'm wearing three layers. I
borrow my mom's uh big puffy jacket
[music] that has a bit of like need much
needed fur. Um so I'm ready. I'm ready
to to be out and about. Right now we're
we're being bask in the warmth of the
lights here inside the art center of
Yongju. But certainly uh it is going to
be uh quite cold. I think single digits.
We're not used to that in Hong Kong,
right Dave?
>> No, not at all. Not at all. uh the warm
embrace of artificial heating. The good
thing though is we're almost done with
the show and we're going to bring the
temperature down on this geopolitical
thermometer and hopefully that is a
stage and and foundation that we can
build on this bull one. So we will see
you all tomorrow. That's it from us here
on the China show. There's plenty more
ahead. We'll continue our coverage of
the Apex Summit in South Korea. This is
the China Show. Thank you for [music]
joining us today.